# SOLANA DAPP STORE TERMS OF USE
**Last Updated: December 3, 2025**

Solana Mobile Inc. (“**Solana Mobile**”, “**us**” or “**we**”) provides a marketplace (our “**dApp Store**”) through which you can purchase or otherwise access mobile decentralized applications (“**Applications**,” as further defined below) that operate on, interact with or otherwise complement (i) Solana Mobile’s mobile operating system running on the Solana Mobile Phone (as defined below) (the “**Operating System**”); and (ii) the Solana Network (as defined below).

THESE DAPP STORE TERMS OF USE (THE “**DAPP STORE TERMS**” OR “**AGREEMENT**”) GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE DAPP STORE. WHEN YOU DOWNLOAD AN APPLICATION FROM THE DAPP STORE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS AND/OR USE THE DAPP STORE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE DAPP STORE TERMS.

We may amend or modify these dApp Store Terms at any time and from time to time. When we modify these dApp Store Terms, we will update the “Last Updated” date on these dApp Store Terms. You are solely responsible for regularly reviewing these dApp Store Terms and any updates hereto. Any updates will be binding (i) for new users of the dApp Store, immediately upon publication, and (ii) for existing users of the dApp Store, the sooner of (a) the next time any such user connects to the dApp Store, or (b) thirty (30) days after the updated dApp Store Terms are published. If you do not agree to the terms set forth in these dApp Store Terms or any updates or modifications hereto, you may not access and use the dApp Store.

THE DAPP STORE IS A MARKETPLACE ON WHICH DEVELOPERS (AS DEFINED BELOW) CAN MAKE AVAILABLE AND SELL, AND USERS CAN PURCHASE, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE ACCESS, APPLICATIONS (DEFINED BELOW). SOLANA MOBILE MAY FACILITATE TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN A DEVELOPER AND YOU, BUT SOLANA MOBILE IS NOT A PARTY TO ANY AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ANY SUCH DEVELOPER. YOU AGREE THAT NONE OF SOLANA MOBILE, ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS (EACH, A “**SOLANA MOBILE PARTY**” AND COLLECTIVELY, THE “**SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES**”) SHALL BE A PARTY TO OR HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR, ARISING OUT OF, OR RESULTING FROM ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND ANY DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER USER OF THE DAPP STORE. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES MAKE NO CLAIMS ABOUT THE FUNCTIONALITY OR AUTHENTICITY OF ANY APPLICATION OFFERED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE DAPP STORE.

**PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 15 (DISPUTES) OF THIS AGREEMENT, BELOW, CONTAINS PROVISIONS GOVERNING HOW DISPUTES THAT YOU AND WE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DISPUTES THAT AROSE OR WERE ASSERTED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, SECTION 15 (DISPUTES) CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WHICH WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND ANY OF THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING; AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL.**

**PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 22.9 OF THIS AGREEMENT, BELOW, CONTAINS YOUR OPT-IN CONSENT TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS FROM US.**

**NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AFFECTS YOUR STATUTORY LEGAL RIGHTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.**

1\. Definitions. The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of these dApp Store Terms:

1.1. “**Application**” means a decentralized application that is compatible with the Operating System and the Solana Network and that is offered or otherwise made available for end users to download, purchase, or otherwise access in or through the dApp Store, and includes any products **and** services that may be made available through such Application.

1.2. “**dApp Store User Interface**” means the interactive, visual components of the Operating System through which you view and interact with the dApp Store, whether made available to you on the Solana Mobile Phone or any other mobile device which supports such Operating System.

1.3. “**Developer**” means, with respect to an Application, the developer or provider thereof. The Solana Mobile Parties are not the Developer of any Application except to the extent expressly identified as such in the dApp Store in connection with such Application.

1.4. “**Digital Wallet**” means any software and associated user interface used by you (i) to store or interact with your Keypair (defined below) and/or (ii) to sign transactions on the Solana Network.

1.5. “**Mnemonics**” refers to any series of words or characters utilized by you for the purpose of aiding in your decryption of a Private Key, Digital Wallet Data, or any other data.

1.6. “**Private Key**” means a 256-bit number which can be asymmetrically applied to a 256-bit secure hash algorithm to yield an associated public key (together with the Private Key, a “**Keypair**”), which Keypair can be used to (i) interact with Programs on the Solana Network and (ii) hold or store digital or crypto assets.

1.7. “**Program**” means a discrete piece of software compatible or integrated with, or otherwise accessible through, the dApp Store or one or more Applications, and may include without limitation the following: (i) a smart contract, or networks of smart contracts, existing on the Solana Network, which may be interacted with through an Application; (ii) Operating System-level software pre-installed on the Solana Mobile Phone; and (iii) other independent software running on the Operating System, which you may not explicitly opt to download or otherwise interact with. A Program may be owned or made available by Solana Mobile or by a third party.

1.8. “**Review**” means any User Content that you submit to or through the Reviews Feature.

1.9. “**Reviews Feature**” means the portal on the dApp Store through which users may be able to submit Reviews and view other users’ Reviews, and Developers may be able to view and respond to such Reviews.

1.10. “**Solana Mobile Phone**” means any mobile device offered, sold, or otherwise distributed by Solana Mobile which utilizes the Operating System.

1.11. “**Solana Network**” means the permissionless digital blockchain network ledger known as Solana.

1.12. “**Update**” means, with respect to the Solana Mobile Phone, Operating System, or any other Solana Mobile product made available by Solana Mobile, a new version or series of such product or service that is publicly released or otherwise generally made commercially available.

1.13. “**User Content**” means any and all information and content, including, without limitation, comments, ratings, and Reviews, photos or videos, that a user submits to, or uses with, the dApp Store.

2\. Overview. If you purchase or obtain an Application, you will be purchasing or obtaining such Application directly from the Developer, not from a Solana Mobile Party, and your purchase and/or use thereof may be subject to additional terms and conditions as made available by such Developer. You acknowledge and agree that the Solana Mobile Parties have no responsibility or liability to you arising from or in connection with any Application with any other Program, including without limitation any such interaction that results in any: (i) loss of any digital or crypto asset; and (ii) loss of other rights or opportunities available to you on the Solana Network or any other decentralized network. For clarity, the Operating System includes all variations of the Operating System made available through any Solana Mobile Phone or any other mobile device running the Operating System and Updates thereto, or any of its variations, including such variations as may be developed by third party sources not controlled by and/or affiliated with the Solana Mobile Parties, but which variations nonetheless may provide you access to the dApp Store.

2.1. Third-Party Services. Certain features of the dApp Store may rely on third-party websites, services, technology, or applications accessible or otherwise connected to the dApp Store but not provided by Solana Mobile (each, a “**Third-Party Service**” and, collectively, “**Third-Party Services**”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these dApp Store Terms, you acknowledge and agree that (i) the Solana Mobile Parties shall not be liable for any damages, liabilities, or other harms in connection with your use of and/or any inability to access the Third-Party Services; and (ii) the Solana Mobile Parties shall be under no obligation to inquire into and shall not be liable for any damages, other liabilities or harm to any person or entity relating to any losses, delays, failures, errors, interruptions, or loss of data occurring directly or indirectly by reason of Third-Party Services or any other circumstances beyond Solana Mobile’s control, including without limitation the failure of any Third-Party Service. You use all Third-Party Services at your own risk, and your use of such Third-Party Services shall be governed by separate terms and conditions set forth by the applicable third-party service provider. Third-Party Services are provided to you through the dApp Store for your convenience only. We do not and cannot verify, curate, or control any Third-Party Services. We do not guarantee, endorse, or recommend Third-Party Services. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO SEEK TO HOLD ANY OF THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OPERATORS OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM SUCH THIRD PARTIES RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. SOLANA MOBILE SHALL BE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO INQUIRE INTO AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, OTHER LIABILITIES OR HARM TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY RELATING TO ANY LOSSES, DELAYS, FAILURES, ERRORS, INTERRUPTIONS, OR LOSS OF DATA OCCURRING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BY REASON OF CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND SOLANA MOBILE’S CONTROL, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES.

3\. Prioritized Applications. Solana Mobile may prioritize the display of certain Applications (the “**Prioritized Applications**”) in the dApp Store User Interface from time to time. Prioritized Applications may be selected by Solana Mobile, or by other users of the dApp Store. Solana Mobile reserves the right (but shall have no obligation) to pre-screen, review, flag, filter, modify, refuse, or remove any or all Applications from the dApp Store, at any time and for any or no reason. You agree that by using the dApp Store you may be exposed to Applications, including Prioritized Applications, that you may find offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and that you use the dApp Store at your own risk. You agree that Solana Mobile does not make any representations and warranties with respect to any Prioritized Application.

4\. User Agreement; Representations and Warranties

4.1. When you use the dApp Store, including without limitation to propose, initiate, agree to, or complete a purchase of an Application, you acknowledge and agree to the following:

4.1.1. The Solana Mobile Parties are not an agent or intermediary of any user. The Solana Mobile Parties do not store or have access to or control over any of your digital or crypto assets or any of a user’s Keypair, passwords, Digital Wallets, or other property. The Solana Mobile Parties are not capable of performing transactions or sending transaction messages on behalf of any user.

4.1.2. The prices of digital or crypto assets can be extremely volatile. The Solana Mobile Parties cannot and do not guarantee that any digital or crypto asset will not lose value.

4.1.3. You are solely responsible for determining what, if any, taxes apply to your transactions involving any digital or crypto asset.

4.1.4. Digital or crypto asset exist and can be transferred only by virtue of the ownership record maintained on the Solana Network.

4.1.5. There are risks associated with using any digital or crypto asset, including but not limited to, the risk of hardware, software, and Internet connections, the risk of malicious software introduction, and the risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access to your information.

4.1.6. The legal and regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, and tokens is evolving, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the same.

4.2. When you use the dApp Store, you represent and warrant to and on behalf of the Solana Mobile Parties that:

4.2.1. You are (i) at least eighteen (18) years old; (ii) of legal age to form a binding contract; and (iii) not a person barred from using the dApp Store under the laws of the United States, your place of residence or any other applicable jurisdiction. If you are acting on behalf of a DAO or other entity, whether or not such entity is formally incorporated, you represent and warrant that you have all right and authority necessary to act on behalf of such entity;

4.2.2. You are sophisticated, experienced and knowledgeable in the selling, buying or staking of any digital or crypto asset, as applicable. Additionally, you have conducted an independent investigation of the dApp Store and the matters contemplated by this Agreement, have formed your own independent judgment regarding the benefits and risks of and necessary and desirable practices regarding the foregoing, and, in making the determination to engage in any transaction using the dApp Store, you have relied solely on the results of such investigation and such independent judgement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you understand, acknowledge and agree that the legal requirements pertaining to blockchain technologies generally are uncertain, and you have conducted an independent investigation of such potentially applicable legal requirements and the resulting risks and uncertainties, including the risk that one or more governmental entities or other persons may assert that any digital or crypto asset may constitute securities under applicable legal requirements. You hereby irrevocably disclaim and disavow reliance upon any statements or representations made by or on behalf of, or information made available by, the Solana Mobile Parties, in determining to enter into this Agreement or use the dApp Store.

4.2.3. There are no legal proceedings pending that relate to your activities relating to any digital or crypto asset or other token-trading or blockchain technology related activities.

4.2.4. You have not failed to comply with, and have not violated, any applicable legal requirement relating to any blockchain technologies, token trading or staking activities or minting any digital or crypto asset. No investigations or reviews by any governmental entity are pending or, to your knowledge, has been threatened against or with respect to you, nor does any government order or action prohibit you or any of your representatives from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity, or practice relating to minting or staking digital or crypto assets.

4.2.5. You are not, and you will not authorize, enable, or permit any use of the dApp Store by any person that is: (i) in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any jurisdiction subject to a U.S. trade embargo (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea, Donetsk People’s Republic, and Luhansk People’s Republic regions of Ukraine); (ii) identified on any export- or sanctions-related restricted party list, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Denied Persons List, Unveriﬁed List, or Entity List.

4.2.6. If you are a purchaser or owner of a Solana Mobile Phone, you expressly agree to and, where applicable, reaffirm your agreement to the Solana Mobile Terms of Sale, located at [https://solanamobile.com/tos-web](https://solanamobile.com/tos-web) and any successor website.

4.3. Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties by Solana Mobile. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT ANY APPLICATION MADE AVAILABLE BY ANY THIRD-PARTY DEVELOPER THROUGH THE DAPP STORE. Without limiting the foregoing, you expressly acknowledge that the Solana Mobile Parties make no representations or warranties regarding (i) the timeframe that any Applications, including Prioritized Applications, will remain available for use by you, any of your counterparties within such Application, or the general public; (ii) the safety and security of any Applications, including Prioritized Applications (e.g., an Application that contains malicious code, an Application with exploitable flaws, etc.); (iii) the utility of any Application, including such Application’s ability to function as represented by the Developer, any other third party, or otherwise as commonly understood; (iv) the stability of any Application, including such Application’s capacity to operate without substantial bugs, glitches, or other software failures which may materially undermine such Application’s primary and/or stated functionality; or (v) any Application’s compatibility with your Solana Mobile Products, including any Updates thereto.

5\. User Content.

5.1. User Content. You assume all risks associated with any User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness, or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that identifies you or any third party. You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored, or endorsed by the Solana Mobile Parties. Because you are solely responsible for your User Content, you may incur liability if, for example, your User Content violates our Acceptable Use Policy (defined in Section 5.4) or applicable law. The Solana Mobile Parties are not obligated to review, monitor, store, or backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice.

5.2. Ownership of User Content. The Solana Mobile Parties do not own any User Content. Subject to Section 5.3, as between the Solana Mobile Parties and you, you own all right, title, and interest in and to your User Content.

5.3. License to Your Content. You hereby grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to Solana Mobile an irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, sublicensable (through multiple tiers of sublicensees) worldwide right, (including any moral rights) and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, distribute, translate, publicly display, publicly perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing rights, for any lawful purpose, including, without limitation, for the purposes of operating, improving, providing, advertising and promoting Solana, Solana Mobile, any of the Solana Mobile Parties, our hardware, software, products and services, including, without limitation, the dApp Store and related services. You hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content. You further represent and warrant that your User Content is accurate, that the use of your User Content does not violate these dApp Store Terms or any applicable law, and your User Content will not cause injury to any person or entity. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Solana Mobile for all claims resulting from your User Content. You acknowledge that Solana Mobile may utilize certain artificial intelligence tools, including third-party artificial intelligence tools (“**AI Tools**”), including without limitation to moderate and train on Reviews. Accordingly, you acknowledge that your User Content may be used by Solana Mobile, or third-party providers of AI Tools, to train, develop, enhance, evolve, and improve AI Tools and other artificial intelligence models, algorithms, and related technology, products, and services.

5.4. Acceptable Use Policy. The following terms constitute our “**Acceptable Use Policy**”. You agree not to, directly or indirectly, cause, permit, take any action or make available any User Content that would or could:

5.4.1. upload, transmit, or distribute any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data;

5.4.2. send unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise;

5.4.3. abuse other users’ personal information, such as to harvest, collect, gather, or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent;

5.4.4. interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks, or violate the regulations, policies, or procedures of such networks;

5.4.5. attempt to gain unauthorized access to any systems, networks, products or services, whether through password mining or any other means;

5.4.6. interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of any systems, networks, products or services;

5.4.7. request or offer to perform a request that is illegal or violates any of the terms set forth herein;

5.4.8. impersonate any person or entity, including any employee or representative of the Solana Mobile Parties;

5.4.9. use software or automated agents or scripts to generate automated searches, requests, or queries (or to strip, scrape, or mine data); provided, however, that we may conditionally grant to the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the dApp Store for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials;

5.4.10. use or attempt to use a Digital Wallet without authorization;

5.4.11. create, list, or otherwise make available counterfeit digital assets;

5.4.12. attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any feature or area of the dApp Store that you are not authorized to access;

5.4.13. use the dApp Store for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage, or promote any activity that violates any applicable law or this Agreement, including but not limited to money laundering, terrorist financing, or deliberately engaging in activities designed to adversely affect the performance of any such offering;

5.4.14. engage in or knowingly facilitate any “front-running,” “wash trading,” “pump and dump trading,” “ramping,” “cornering,” or fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative trading activities;

5.4.15. promote, market, or advertise any token or other digital asset on or through the dApp Store, including without limitation in any Review;

5.4.16. use the dApp Store to carry out any financial activities subject to registration or licensing, including but not limited to using the dApp Store to transact in or promote transactions in securities, debt financings, equity financings, or other similar transactions; or

5.4.17. use the dApp Store to participate or promote participation in fundraising for a business, protocol, or platform, including but not limited to creating, listing, or buying assets that (i) are redeemable for financial instruments, (ii) give owner’s rights to participate in an ICO or any securities offering, or (iii) entitle owners to financial rewards, including but not limited to, DeFi yield bonuses, staking bonuses, and burn discounts.

6\. Review Policy. The dApp Store may allow you to submit Reviews. You hereby represent and warrant that your Reviews do not violate our [dApp Store Review Policy](https://solanamobile.com/review-policy), which may be updated from time to time. Solana Mobile has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and remove or edit any Reviews, including via AI Tools, automated content filters, and/or human review. If we become aware of Reviews that violate our [dApp Store Review Policy](https://solanamobile.com/review-policy), we reserve the right to prevent such user from leaving other Reviews, and/or block such user from the dApp Store, in our sole discretion.

7\. Security. You acknowledge and agree that the Solana Mobile Parties have no obligation to, and may not, verify or screen for any security features of any Applications made available on or through the dApp Store, including without limitation Prioritized Applications. Such features include, but are not limited to: (i) the encryption and management of your Private Key; (ii) any Mnemonics used to encrypt your Private Key; (iii) any other passwords, keys, and encryption devices used to obtain and/or protect your Private Key; as well as (iv) any other sensitive data, the loss of which could lead to negative economic, or other, consequences for you. You agree that your use of the dApp Store may expose you to Applications with a range of possible security vulnerabilities, resulting in (a) malicious theft of your Private Key; (b) use of your Private Key for staking or other economic or community purposes not authorized or intended by you; and (c) use of your Private Key for the exploitation of bugs or other vulnerabilities in the Applications or the Solana Network, and that you use the dApp Store at your own risk. You expressly acknowledge and agree that all use of the dApp Store and any Applications made available thereby or therethrough is at your own risk, and that Solana Mobile makes no representations or warranties regarding the security or safety of any Applications, or of the interaction of any Application with any Program.

8\. EULA. Your access to and use of any Application will be subject to any applicable agreement made available by the Developer for such Application (“**EULA**”). The EULA will govern the Applications and be directly between you and Developer. Solana Mobile is not a party to the EULA. In the event of any conflict between these dApp Store Terms and any EULA, the terms of these dApp Store Terms will take precedence, but solely to the extent of such conflict. Applications shall be used solely within the Operating System and solely by the user who purchased or otherwise acquired such Application. You will not copy, publish, transmit, distribute, transfer, or sell any Application you have accessed through dApp Store for any purpose, unless otherwise explicitly permitted by the applicable Developer. In certain cases, a Developer may terminate its provision of Applications to the dApp Store. The Solana Mobile Parties have no responsibility to ensure that this termination process takes place in the manner stipulated by Developer, and you agree and acknowledge that the Solana Mobile Parties cannot control the Developers or Applications, makes no commitment about the future availability of any Application, and shall have no liability to you arising from any such termination. Notwithstanding any failure by any Developer to provide a EULA to you (either directly, through the dApp Store, or through such Developer’s website or other publicly accessible display), Solana Mobile shall not be a party to any agreement between you and any Developer, whether express or implied.

9\. Wallet Connection. You may be required to use a Digital Wallet in order to use certain features of the dApp Store and interact with Applications, including without limitation to: (i) effect purchases of Applications on the dApp Store; (ii) interact with Programs through Applications, including without limitation to purchase any digital or crypto asset; and (iii) interact with third-party digital networks that are interoperable with the Solana Network protocol. Any such Digital Wallet, its security, the Private Key such Digital Wallet encrypts, any Mnemonics used by you to access or utilize your Private Key, and any other private or public data held, or purported to be held, by such Digital Wallet (collectively, the “**Digital Wallet Data**”) remain your sole responsibility, and the Solana Mobile Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to you or any third party in connection with the same. The Solana Mobile Parties make no representations or warranties with regard to the Digital Wallet Data, or any loss of such data resulting from your interaction with the dApp Store or any Applications downloaded from the dApp Store, including the permanent loss of all digital or crypto asset or any other assets stored in or held by such Digital Wallet.

10\. Fees. Some Applications may be made available to you by the applicable Developer at no charge while your access to and use of other Applications may be subject to a fee (a “**dApp Fee**”). Your continued use of and interaction with an Application or Programs or featured enabled by or through such Application may also be subject to additional fees charged by the Developer of such Application (such fees, together with the dApp Fees, the “**Application Fees**”). Application Fees are set by and payable to the Developer of the respective Application.

10.1. Payment. Application Fees may be payable in a specific form of digital or crypto asset, in each case as set forth at point of sale. You agree to pay all Application Fees or other charges with your Digital Wallet in accordance with the Application Fees and billing terms in effect at the time an Application Fee is charged. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your Digital Wallet contains sufficient assets to complete any transaction entered into by you and to pay all Application Fees that you have contracted to pay. If your Digital Wallet does not have the requisite amount of the applicable digital or crypto asset to pay a particular Application Fee, the Developer may terminate your access to the applicable Application or other purchased product or service. Application Fees, including dApp Fees, are subject to change at any time. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TIMELY PAYMENT OF ALL APPLICATION FEES. Application Fees are, unless otherwise altered by a Program, irreversible. Notwithstanding any stipulations made to you by the Developer or under the EULA, Solana Mobile has no obligation to return or refund any Application Fees for any reason. Further, Solana Mobile has no obligation to reverse any Application Fee transaction, including to the extent that such Application Fees are charged subject to fraud, theft, or abuse by the Developer or by any other third party. Additional terms related to Application Fees may apply, as set forth in any EULA and any other agreements between you and the Developer.

10.2. Transactions Effected Through a Digital Wallet. In order to be successfully completed, any transaction involving a digital or crypto asset must be confirmed by and recorded on the Solana Network. The Solana Mobile Parties have no control over the Solana Network and cannot and do not ensure that any transaction details that you submit or receive via the dApp Store will be validated by or confirmed on the Solana Network. You accept and acknowledge that you take full responsibility for all activities that you effect through your Digital Wallet and accept all risks of loss, including loss as a result of any authorized or unauthorized access to your Digital Wallet, to the maximum extent permitted by law.

11\. Copyright Policy and DMCA.

11.1. Solana Mobile respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our dApp Store do the same. We have adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our dApp Store who may repeatedly violate intellectual property rights. If you believe that one of our users is unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:

11.1.1. a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;

11.1.2. a description of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;

11.1.3. a description of the material on our dApp Store that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove and sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;

11.1.4. your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;

11.1.5. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and

11.1.6. a statement by you, made under the penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

11.2. Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs, and attorneys’ fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement. Contact information for Solana Mobile’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement is as follows: Copyright Agent, 605 N Michigan Ave, Floor 4 \#1478783, Chicago, IL 60611; dmcacopyrightagent@solanamobile.com.

12\. Privacy. Your use of the dApp Store is subject to Solana Mobile’s dApp Store Privacy Policy (found at [https://solanamobile.com/privacy-policy-web](https://solanamobile.com/privacy-policy-web)).

13\. Support. Any request for support related to any Application should be directed to the applicable Developer. In the event that any issues arise related to your use of the dApp Store (and not related to any Application), you may direct any feedback to Solana Mobile by sending an email to concerns@dappstore.solanamobile.com. Solana Mobile reserves the right, but has no obligation, to respond to any such feedback or issues.

14\. Cancellation; Removal of Applications. If technical problems prevent or unreasonably delay delivery of any Application or other product, you acknowledge and agree that the Solana Mobile Parties do not provide any technical support or assistance for such issues, the Solana Mobile Parties bear no responsibility or liability for resolving any technical problems, and you may have no remedy or recourse to seek the return of your Application Fees from the Developer. From time to time, Solana Mobile may discover an Application in the dApp Store that it determines in its sole discretion violates Solana Mobile’s policies, another legal agreement, or applicable law, regulation, and/or policy. You agree that in such event, Solana Mobile retains the right to immediately (i) remove such Application from the dApp Store and (ii) remove such Application from your Solana Mobile Phone (or other mobile device or Solana Mobile product), after its download. The Solana Mobile Parties have no liability for any losses you may incur as a result of any such removal and has no obligation to remove any software, including any malware. Given the decentralized nature of the Solana Network, Solana Mobile may be unable to remove the Programs associated with such Application from the Solana Network.

15\. Disputes. <a id="disputes"></a> Please read this Arbitration Agreement (the “**Arbitration Agreement**”) carefully. IT IS PART OF YOUR CONTRACT WITH SOLANA MOBILE AND AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION INVOLVING ANY DISPUTE WITH THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES).

15.1. Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. Subject to the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, and to the extent that it is not unenforceable, unlawful or unfair under applicable laws, you and Solana Mobile (including on behalf of the Solana Mobile Parties) agree that any dispute, claim, disagreements arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the dApp Store, any communications you receive from us, or these dApp Store Terms and prior versions of these dApp Store Terms, including claims and disputes that arose between us before the effective date of these dApp Store Terms (each, a “**Dispute**”) will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that: (i) you and the Solana Mobile Parties may assert claims or seek relief in small claims court if such claims qualify and remain in small claims court; and (ii) you or the Solana Mobile Parties may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, “Dispute” will also include disputes that arose or involve facts occurring before the existence of this or any prior versions of these dApp Store Terms as well as claims that may arise after the termination of these dApp Store Terms.

15.2. Informal Dispute Resolution. There might be instances when a Dispute arises between you and a Solana Mobile Party. If that occurs, Solana Mobile states (including on behalf of the Solana Mobile Parties) that the applicable Solana Mobile Party is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution. Solana Mobile (including on behalf of the Solana Mobile Parties) and You agree that good faith informal efforts to resolve Disputes can result in a prompt, low‐cost and mutually beneficial outcome. Solana Mobile (including on behalf of the Solana Mobile Parties) and You therefore agree that, to the extent that it is not unenforceable, unlawful or unfair under applicable laws, before a party commences arbitration against the other (or initiates an action in small claims court if a party so elects), the parties will personally meet and confer telephonically or via videoconference, in a good faith effort to resolve informally any Dispute covered by this Arbitration Agreement (“**Informal Dispute Resolution Conference**”); provided, however, that any Solana Mobile Party may waive the requirement to engage in an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference, but you will also participate in the conference. The party initiating a Dispute must give notice to the other party in writing of its intent to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference (“**Notice**”), which shall occur within 45 days after the other party receives such Notice, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties. Notice to any Solana Mobile Party that you intend to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference should be sent by email or regular mail to our offices located at the address set forth below. The Notice must include: (i) your name, telephone number, mailing address, e‐mail address and/or Digital Wallet address associated with your access to the dApp Store (if applicable); (ii) the name, telephone number, mailing address and e‐ mail address of your counsel, if any; and (iii) a description of your Dispute. The Informal Dispute Resolution Conference shall be individualized such that a separate conference must be held each time either party initiates a Dispute, even if the same law firm or group of law firms represents multiple users in similar cases, unless all parties agree; multiple individuals initiating a Dispute cannot participate in the same Informal Dispute Resolution Conference unless all parties agree. In the time between a party receiving the Notice and the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference, nothing in this Arbitration Agreement shall prohibit the parties from engaging in informal communications to resolve the initiating party’s Dispute. Engaging in the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference is a condition precedent and requirement that must be fulfilled before commencing arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process required by this section.

15.3. Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS NOT UNENFORCEABLE, UNLAWFUL OR UNFAIR UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and the Solana Mobile Parties are instead electing that all Disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in Section 15.1. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent any action is heard in court for any reason, you and the Solana Mobile Parties will still not be entitled to a jury.

15.4. Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief. TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS NOT UNENFORCEABLE, UNLAWFUL OR UNFAIR UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, AND EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 15.9, THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES AND YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BE BROUGHT, HEARD, ADMINISTERED, RESOLVED, OR ARBITRATED ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR MASS ACTION BASIS IN ANY ARBITRAL, COURT, OR OTHER FORUM. EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 15.9, ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND DISPUTES OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. Subject to this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the party’s individual claim. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to, nor shall it, affect the terms and conditions under Section 15.9. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Arbitration Agreement, if a court decides by means of a final decision, not subject to any further appeal or recourse, that the limitations of this section are invalid or unenforceable as to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), that particular claim or request for relief (and only that particular claim or request for relief) shall be severed from the arbitration and may be litigated on an individual basis in the state or federal courts located in the State of New York. All other Disputes shall be arbitrated or litigated in small claims court. This section does not prevent you or a Solana Mobile Party from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims.

15.5. Rules and Forum. These dApp Store Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce; and notwithstanding any other provision herein with respect to the applicable substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement and any arbitration proceedings. If the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process described above does not resolve satisfactorily within sixty (60) days after receipt of your Notice, the Solana Mobile Party and You, as applicable, shall have the right to finally resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“**AAA**”), in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “**AAA Rules**”) then in effect, except as modified by this section of this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA Rules are currently available at [https://www.adr.org/media/yawntdvs/ 2025_consumer_arbitration_rules.pdf](https://www.adr.org/media/yawntdvs/2025_consumer_arbitration_rules.pdf). A party who wishes to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a request for arbitration (the “**Request**”). The Request must include: (i) the name, telephone number, mailing address, email address of the party seeking arbitration (if applicable) as well as the email address and/or Digital Wallet associated with your use of the dApp Store; (ii) a statement of the legal claims being asserted and the factual bases of those claims; (iii) a description of the remedy sought and an accurate, good-faith calculation of the amount in controversy in United States Dollars; (iv) a statement certifying completion of the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process as described above; and (v) evidence that the requesting party has paid any necessary filing fees in connection with such arbitration. If the party requesting arbitration is represented by counsel, the Request shall also include counsel’s name, telephone number, mailing address, and email address. Such counsel must also sign the Request. By signing the Request, counsel certifies to the best of counsel’s knowledge, information, and belief, formed after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances, that: (a) the Request is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution; (b) the claims, defenses and other legal contentions are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law; and (c) the factual and damages contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery. Unless you and the applicable Solana Mobile Party otherwise agree, or the Batch Arbitration process discussed in Section 15.9 is triggered, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator may direct a limited and reasonable exchange of information between the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration. If the AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. Your responsibility to pay any AAA fees and costs will be solely as set forth in the applicable AAA Rules. All materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings shall be kept confidential and shall not be shared with anyone except the parties’ attorneys, accountants, or business advisors, and then subject to the condition that they agree to keep all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings confidential.

15.6. Arbitrator. The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state of New York and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of consumer dispute arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within thirty-five (35) days of delivery of the Request, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules, provided that if the Batch Arbitration process under Section 15.9 is triggered, the AAA will appoint the arbitrator for each batch.

15.7. Authority of Arbitrator. To the extent that it is not unenforceable, unlawful or unfair under applicable laws, the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute, including, without limitation, disputes arising out of or related to the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement, including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement, except for the following: (i) all Disputes arising out of or relating to Section 15.4 including any claim that all or part of Section 15.4 is unenforceable, illegal, void or voidable, or that Section 15.4 has been breached, shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (ii) except as expressly contemplated in Section 15.9, all Disputes about the payment of arbitration fees shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (iii) all Disputes about whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; and (iv) all Disputes about which version of the Arbitration Agreement applies shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties, except as expressly provided in Section 15.9. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any Dispute. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

15.8. Attorneys’ Fees and Costs. The parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the Dispute or the relief sought in the Request was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). If you or a Solana Mobile Party need to invoke the authority of a court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration, then the party that obtains an order compelling arbitration in such action shall have the right to collect from the other party its reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in securing an order compelling arbitration. The prevailing party in any court action relating to whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration, including the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process, is entitled to recover their reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

15.9. Batch Arbitration. To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, and to the extent that it is not unenforceable, unlawful or unfair under applicable laws, in the event that there are one hundred (100) or more individual Requests or other demand of a substantially similar nature filed against any Solana Mobile Party collectively by or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or organizations, within a thirty (30) day period (or as soon as possible thereafter), the AAA shall (i) administer the arbitration demands in batches of 100 Requests per batch (plus, to the extent there are less than 100 Requests left over after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the remaining Requests); (ii) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (iii) provide for the resolution of each batch as a single consolidated arbitration with one set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the arbitrator, and one final award (“**Batch Arbitration**”). All parties agree that Requests are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the disagreeing party shall advise the AAA, and the AAA shall appoint a sole standing arbitrator to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration process (“**Administrative Arbitrator**”). In an effort to expedite resolution of any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator’s fees shall be paid by the Solana Mobile Parties. You and Solana Mobile (including on behalf of the Solana Mobile Parties) agree to cooperate in good faith with the AAA to implement the Batch Arbitration process including the payment of single filing and administrative fees for batches of Requests, as well as any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (a) the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes; and (b) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings. This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class, collective and/or mass arbitration or action of any kind, or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as expressly set forth in this provision.

15.10. 30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the contact information set forth below, within thirty (30) days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement. Your notice must include your name and address, the email address and/or Digital Wallet you used to interact with the dApp Store (if applicable), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of these dApp Store Terms will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.

15.11. Invalidity, Expiration. Except as provided Section 15.4, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be unfair, unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and the Solana Mobile Parties further agree that any Dispute must be initiated via arbitration within one-year after the cause of action accrues; otherwise, such cause of action is forever time barred.

15.12. Modification. Notwithstanding any provision in these dApp Store Terms to the contrary, we agree that if Solana Mobile makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will notify you. Unless you reject the change within thirty (30) days of such change become effective by writing to Solana Mobile at the contact information set forth below, your continued use of the dApp Store following the posting of changes to this Arbitration Agreement constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. To the extent that it is not unenforceable, unlawful or unfair under applicable laws, changes to this Arbitration Agreement do not provide you with a new opportunity to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement if you have previously agreed to a version of these dApp Store Terms and did not validly opt out of arbitration. If you reject any change or update to this Arbitration Agreement, and you were bound by an existing agreement to arbitrate Disputes arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the dApp Store, any communications you receive, or these dApp Store Terms, the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement as of the date you first accepted these dApp Store Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these dApp Store Terms) remain in full force and effect. The Solana Mobile Parties will continue to honor any valid opt outs of the Arbitration Agreement that you made to a prior version of these dApp Store Terms.

15.13. Confidentiality. All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential. The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce these dApp Store Terms, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.

15.14. Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Solana Mobile.

16\. Release. You hereby release and forever discharge the Solana Mobile Parties from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present, and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action, and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the dApp Store (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, any Developer or any other user of the dApp Store). YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, OR ANY SIMILAR LAW OR RULE OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, WHICH STATES IN SUBSTANCE: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.”

17\. Complaints. In accordance with California Civil Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.

18\. Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Solana Mobile and the Solana Mobile Parties from and against all actual or alleged third party claims, damages, awards, judgments, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, interest, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses), and costs (including, without limitation, court costs, costs of settlement, and costs of or associated with pursuing indemnification and insurance), of every kind and nature whatsoever arising out of or related to these dApp Store Terms or your use of the dApp Store, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, or suspected or unsuspected, in law or equity, whether in tort, contract, or otherwise (collectively, “**Claims**”), including, but not limited to, damages to property or personal injury, that are caused by, arise out of or are related to: (i) your use or misuse of the dApp Store, or any Application enabled thereby; (ii) any feedback you provide to us; (iii) your violation of these dApp Store Terms; or (iv) your violation of the rights of any third party, including a Developer. You agree to promptly notify Solana Mobile of any third-party Claims and cooperate with the Solana Mobile Parties in defending such Claims. You further agree that the applicable Solana Mobile Party shall have control of the defense or settlement of any third-party Claims. THIS INDEMNITY IS IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIEU OF, ANY OTHER INDEMNITIES SET FORTH IN A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND SOLANA MOBILE.

19\. Disclaimers. THE DAPP STORE AND ALL CONTENT AND INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE BY SOLANA MOBILE THEREIN IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE DAPP STORE: (i) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR (iii) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. SOLANA MOBILE DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON- INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE DAPP STORE OR ANY CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT CONTENT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY APPLICATIONS) ON THE DAPP STORE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF ANY KIND FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN OR TAKEN IN RELIANCE ON MATERIAL OR INFORMATION, CONTAINED ON THE DAPP STORE. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES CANNOT AND DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE DAPP STORE OR ANY APPLICATIONS LISTED ON THE DAPP STORE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF ANY DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE ONLINE. YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND DEALING ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET AND WILL NOT HOLD ANY SOLANA MOBILE PARTY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES YOU SUSTAIN AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE DAPP STORE. THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR, ANY USE OF APPLICATIONS OR YOUR DIGITAL WALLET BY YOU, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES, OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (a) USER ERROR SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS, INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED TRANSACTIONS, OR MISTYPED ADDRESSES; (b) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (c) CORRUPTED DIGITAL WALLET FILES; (d) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO APPLICATIONS; OR (e) ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE DAPP STORE OR DIGITAL WALLETS. The Solana Mobile Parties are not responsible for any losses or harms sustained by you due to vulnerability or any kind of failure, abnormal behavior of software (e.g., smart contract), blockchains, or any other features of or inherent to the Solana Network. The Solana Mobile Parties are not responsible for any delay or failure to report any issues with the Solana Network, including without limitation forks, technical node issues, or any other issues that result in losses of any sort.

20\. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE DAPP STORE, ANY APPLICATION, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE AND EVEN IF ANY SOLANA MOBILE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE DAPP STORE IS UNDERTAKEN BY YOU AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE, COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF THE SOLANA MOBILE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE DAPP STORE, OR ANY APPLICATIONS DOWNLOADED, PURCHASED, OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRED THROUGH THE DAPP STORE EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) $100 OR (ii) THE AMOUNT PAID TO SOLANA MOBILE BY YOU IN THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE CLAIM. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

21\. Term and Termination.

21.1. Term. You and we agree that: (i) subject to any eligibility requirements for accessing and using the dApp Store or entering into these dApp Store Terms, these dApp Store Terms commenced on the earlier to occur of (a) the date you first used the dApp Store, or (b) the date you accepted these dApp Store Terms, and (ii) these dApp Store Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the dApp Store or any Application acquired thereby, unless earlier terminated in accordance with these dApp Store Terms.

21.2. Termination by Solana Mobile. We may terminate these dApp Store Terms or your ability to access or use the dApp Store at any time for any reason, with or without notice, including if timely payment of any Application Fee is not made by you for any reason, if you have breached any provision of these dApp Store Terms, or if we are required to do so by law (e.g., where the provision of the dApp Store is, or becomes, unlawful). We may limit or restrict your access to the dApp Store immediately if you fail to comply with any provisions of these dApp Store Terms, at our sole discretion. Your use of any specific Application will be subject to, and may terminate pursuant to, the applicable EULA.

21.3. Termination by You. If you want to terminate these dApp Store Terms, you must do so by ceasing all further use of the dApp Store and any Applications enabled thereby.

21.4. Effect of Termination. Termination of these dApp Store Terms, or of your access to or use of any the dApp Store, may include removal of access to certain Applications and/or barring of further use of such Applications. Upon termination of these dApp Store Terms, your right to use the dApp Store will automatically terminate. Solana Mobile will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination. All provisions of these dApp Store Terms which by their nature should survive, shall survive termination of these dApp Store Terms, including without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitation of liability.

22\. General Provisions.

22.1. Irreparable Harm. Any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by you will cause irreparable harm to Solana Mobile for which damages would not be an adequate remedy, and therefore, Solana Mobile shall be entitled to injunctive relief with respect thereto in addition to any other remedies without the need to prove irreparable harm or post a bond.

22.2. Assignment. The Agreement, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated or otherwise transferred by you, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without Solana Mobile’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Solana Mobile may assign, subcontract, delegate, or otherwise transfer any rights and obligations it may have without any notice to or consent by You.

22.3. Force Majeure. The Solana Mobile Parties shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

22.4. Exclusive Venue. To the extent litigation in a court is permitted under the terms of this Agreement, and subject to Section 15, all such claims and disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the courts of New York, New York.

22.5. Governing Law. SUBJECT TO SECTION 15 (DISPUTES) AND ANY OVERRIDING CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE, THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY ACTION RELATED HERETO WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY PRINCIPLES THAT PROVIDE FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.

22.6. Equal Interpretation. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each of you and Solana Mobile agree that rules relating to the interpretation of contracts against the drafter of any particular clause shall not apply in the case of this Agreement.

22.7. Waiver. If you do not comply with this Agreement, and the Solana Mobile Parties do not take action right away, this does not mean that the Solana Mobile Parties are waiving its rights to enforce this Agreement with respect to such breach or any future breach. For the avoidance of doubt, any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of the Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.

22.8. Severability. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, if any portion of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intention of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.

22.9. Contact. You may contact Solana Mobile by email legal@solanamobile.com or by mail at 605 N Michigan Ave, Floor 4 \#1478783, Chicago, IL 60611\. The communications between you and Solana Mobile may take place via electronic means, whether you visit the dApp Store or send Solana Mobile e-mails, or whether Solana Mobile posts notices on the dApp Store or communicates with you via e- mail. For contractual purposes, you (i) consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form; and (ii) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were to be in writing. Where Solana Mobile requires that you provide an e-mail address, you are responsible for providing Solana Mobile with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address you provided to Solana Mobile is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the Agreement, Solana Mobile’s dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice. The foregoing does not affect your statutory rights, including but not limited to the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act at 15 U.S.C. §7001 et seq. (“**E-Sign**”).

22.10. EU Digital Services Act (“DSA”). If you use dApp Store while located in the European Union (“EU”), you may be covered by the rights and protections established under the EU DSA (Regulation (EU) 2022/2065). In accordance with the DSA, dApp Store provides clear information about the identity of developers offering dApps, including their verified contact details where applicable. You may report illegal or policy-violating content through dApp Store’s reporting mechanism and, if any User Content you have uploaded is removed or restricted, you may have the right to contest that decision through Solana Mobile’s internal complaint-handling process or, where available, through an independent out-of-court dispute settlement body certified under the DSA.

22.11. Third-party beneficiaries. Except for the Solana Mobile Parties, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

22.12. Entire Agreement. The Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the parties with respect to such subject matter. Each party acknowledges and agrees that (a) it has not relied upon any representation or warranty, express or implied, not expressly set forth in this Agreement, and (b) no party shall have any liability to the other with respect to any extra-contractual statements, representations, or warranties, whether oral or written. Each party further acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to consult with counsel regarding this Agreement.
